# CS300
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
The projects I worked on for this course were used to solve problems related to data structures and algorithms. Project One consisted of analyzing the run-time and memory usage of data structures, linked lists, and trees. Project Two involved sorting and printing a list of courses in the Computer Science program in alphanumeric order.
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
Firstly, I needed to read and understand what was being asked of me, then I needed to decide what type of structure to use, and finally, Ineeded to incorporate that structure into working code. Data structures are important to understand because often, you need to use algorithms to solve problems, in order to use them, you must understand how they work. They have a major impact on the usability and functionality of code. Data needs to be manipulated in a certain way, it is important to understand in what way it can and will be manipulated to create functional and effective code.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
I did a lot of research, google and github are great resources, as well as other individuals who code, I only know a coupe people who are capable, who I don't have ready access to, but asking for help is a must when learning about anything, research is key. Alas, I was unable to get everything right, but I made every effort in the time I had, I spend too much time at work to learn every detail in a short amount of time, but I get better every day, I am a perfectionist, eventually my code will all be 100% correct and secure and functional, as it should be and as I will it to be, but for now, I need more practice.
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
I am now fully aware of  how important algorithms are in programming, it seems a bit more important than I initially thought. Understanding data structures and how they work in indeed necessary to code efficiently and effectively. Optimizing the memory usage will be important to my future plans of video game development, maybe it will allow me to reach out to some devs and assist them to make some  games I cyrrently play, even better and more stable.
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
Creating programs in a modular way is easier now, which in turn makes it easier and clearer to read and fix errors. Refactoring the code is something taht I need to work on, but I am getting better at that as well. It has been a learning experience, and as I continue to grow, no doubt these moments will come back to me, mostly when I get frustrated with something I cannot get right, but, all around this experience will be helpful to me in my future endeavors.
